# Circle Code of Conduct meeting, 5th May 2022

## Video&#x20;

{% embed url="https://youtu.be/R4czYt3Ktdc" %}

## Present (in order of first speaking)

**Harris Warren** (representing IOG); **Nadia Hopkins** (CAs); **Nori Nishigaya** (Circle Admin); **Dimitri Fernando** (General Voters); **Peter Wolcott** (Circle Admin); **Mercy A** (Funded Proposers)

## Speaker percentages

**Harris** (50%), **Nadia** (17%), **Dimitri** (13%), **Nori** (12%), **Peter** (4%), **Mercy** (3%)

## Summary

**0:00** Welcome and intro

**1:12** Results of Pol.is survey  (see [https://pol.is/report/r6wzbj4j2hnmvcahutdwm](https://pol.is/report/r6wzbj4j2hnmvcahutdwm) )

**11:08**  Translation and inclusivity â€“ should the survey have been translated?

**39:49** Initial analysis of the questions/answers

**47:48** Planning for an After Town Hall on Weds 18th May

**52:08**  Can we export survey data for further analysis?

**56:13**  Criteria for Circle to accept a question as valid

**1:07:08**  Google Translate browser extension for Firefox [https://addons.mozilla.org/en-GB/firefox/addon/to-google-translate/](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-GB/firefox/addon/to-google-translate/)

**1:15:14**  Plans for election process for CCv4

**1:18:20**  Circle rapid funding treasury

**1:21:36** Meeting ends

## Full verbatim transcript

{% file src="../../.gitbook/assets/Working meeting  Thur 5th May, Circle Code of Conduct, verbatim transcript.doc" %}

